[Nobutaka] Kisaki's goal
was to use other people
to get Draken killed
in the Battle of August Third.
And then with that seat open
he could take over himself
as Toman's number two!
(footsteps thudding)
[Chifuyu] The leader
no one knew about!
And his name is Tetta Kisaki!
And currently,
Kisaki is in Toman,
which means the throne is empty!
Hmm?
If that's the case.
(train chuffing)
(lightning strikes)
(upbeat instrumental music)
Do you remember the gang
they called Valhalla?
They had a leader
no one knew right?
And their leader was
Kisaki wasn't it?
No it wasn't.
Huh?
The guy who led
Valhalla was Mikey.
Huh?
Valhalla was put together
specifically for Mikey.
There's no way!
Impossible!
Mikey is the head of Toman!
Toman was taken
over by Valhalla.
And it was reformed
with Valhalla
as its parent organization.
That's the current Toman.
That was the first time
Toman ever lost a fight.
What?
Even now,
I wonder why I didn't
realize it at the time
the heavy cross that he carried
with him all the time.
Even though he was
only a 15-year-old kid.
(Mikey panting)
On that day Mikey
went after Kazutora.
And he killed him.
(Takemichi grunting)
(Takemichi slouching)
Mikey was never
charged with it though.
(ominous instrumental music)
Because Kisaki had
set up someone else
to take the fall for him.
After that, Mikey
fell into darkness.
And Toman was taken
over by Valhalla.
That was when it expanded
into a giant organization
with Mikey as the commander,
and Tetta Kisaki as
the acting commander.
Looking back now,
the reason Kisaki joined Toman
was probably because
of Mikey to begin with.
Whoa.
Wait you can't be serious!
I could never believe
Mikey kill Kazutora!
(glass pounding)
There's no way!
I know Mikey and he'd
never kill anyone!
Can you say for certain
that if you had been
in Mikey's position,
that you wouldn't have
killed Kazutora yourself?
The guy who had murdered
your own brother?
(Takemichi gasping)
And on that day,
Baji was killed too,
right in front of him.
Huh?
(Takemichi gasping)
How could Kazutora
have killed Baji?
You saw it with your
own eyes Takemichi.
(Takemichi gasping)
(ominous instrumental music)
How the hell could
this have happened?
(opening theme music)
(car revs)
(footsteps thudding)
The Mikey I know would
never have killed anyone.
(Naoto grunts)
I know this, I believe in him.
(car revving)
But when Draken
was talking to me
I could see what he
was talking about.
I kept getting glimpses.
I have no idea why I'm
seeing these things!
But my head's just
filling up with memories
that I shouldn't even have!
(soft instrumental music)
Baji's body on the ground.
Kazutora on the ground!
And Mikey covered in blood!
I have no idea if all
these images are even real!
But after seeing
the devastated look
on Mikey's face,
(Takemichi sobbing)
I know,
I know I just have
to save Mikey!
Oh, Takemichi.
(Takemichi sobbing)
The Battle on Bloody Halloween
resulted in Toman's defeat.
Because Manjiro Sano ended up
murdering Kazutora Hanemiya.
We think Tetta Kisaki
was behind it all.
Mikey was the one
who killed Kazutora
because he was
very close with...
With Baji,
and Baji was killed by Kazutora!
So I have to save Baji!
And then Mikey won't
make this huge mistake!
And we'll be able
to short-circuit
Kisaki's plot.
Protect Keisuke Baji.
That's your new
mission Takemichi.
[Takemichi] Right!
(Naoto sighs)
First Draken and now this guy.
I guess this is how
it's gonna be for us.
Yeah but we'll get
this done in no time.
(Naoto laughs) You say that like
you think it's going to be easy.
I think this one's going to
be a very difficult mission.
Hmm?
Forget it.
(footsteps thudding)
Just do your best.
I will!
You're actually turning out
to be an amazing
person, Takemichi.
Well I guess I'm off, Naoto.
(hands clasping)
(lightning strikes)
(air swooshing)
Mikey,
and Baji,
I'm gonna protect them
both, no matter what!
(Takemichi startling)
Thank you for walking me home.
Wait here, just one sec.
Oh, mm-hm.
(door closes)
Geez that was a shock!
All of a sudden I'm with Hina!
Were we walking
home from school?
(door opening)
(footsteps thudding)
(door closing)
(Hina laughs)
Take this. I got you a gift.
Huh?
It's just something
I wanted you to have.
But what's the occasion?
Should I open it?
Of course!
(bag rustling)
(necklace rustling)
Four-leaf clover.
It's just like the
one I gave you.
(Hina chuckles)
So now we match, right?
(Takemichi trembling)
[Hinata's Mom] She
seemed to really love it.
I know she always kept it
very close to her heart.
She must have loved
you very much.
(Takemichi weeping)
(Takemichi crying)
Hey, nothing to cry over!
I was not crying!
Oh, no?
Takemichi, you're always
crying you know that?
Thanks for this.
I like it a lot.
Huh?
Good!
It's funny,
but sometimes you look
really mature, Takemichi
Really?
Mm-hm.
(train whistling)
(train chuffing)
(footsteps thudding)
Why'd you wanna meet up
with me all of a sudden?
Been a while huh?
Kazutora.
(Kazutora chuckle)
(footsteps thuds)
Why don't we stop this fight?
(Kazutora startling)
Because win or lose
against you guys,
I'm not gonna be happy.
I just don't get it, Kazutora.
Why the hell do you
hate Mikey so much?
Mikey spoke up in your defense
when you were arrested.
He's the reason you
got out of juvie early.
Do you have any
idea how he trie-
[Kazutora] Shut up.
Two whole years.
That's how long I spent there.
Rotting in that jail cell.
(soft instrumental music)
I'm not the guy
that I was before.
Maybe not but you're
still a part of my crew.
(ominous instrumental music)
(footsteps thudding)
That's exactly what I don't like
about you, Draken.
We're going to crush
Toman in battle
the day after tomorrow.
Kazutora this is not
what Mikey wants!
(ominous instrumental music)
(footsteps thudding)
(train chuffing)
(water flowing)
(wind rustling)
Well, there's no going back
to the way things used to be.
What would you do, big bro?
So go and have a talk with him.
Maybe you'll get your answer.
(motorcycle revving)
(upbeat instrumental music)
(upbeat instrumental
music continues)
(train chuffing)
(upbeat instrumental
music continues)
(Shuji laughs)
(upbeat instrumental
music continues)
(cars revving)
(horn honking)
(footsteps thudding)
So tomorrow's the big day
Guess so.
(footsteps thudding)
But I want you to come
with me first, Takemichi.
Huh? Where to?
(footsteps thudding)
Huh?
(cars revving)
(cars honking)
(footsteps thudding)
(cars revving)
Thanks for coming
on short notice.
(Baji sighs)
Chifuyu, ya want
your ass beat again?
It's Baji!
Did you get anything?
On Kisaki?
Huh?
(soft suspenseful music)
You're a spy right?
You're spying for Toman?
(Baji grunts)
I've done my own research,
and I figured out
Kisaki is bad news.
So you can quit.
You can get out of Valhalla now.
What the hell are you
talking about dumbass?
When the fight starts tomorrow,
if you're still on
Valhalla's side, it's over!
You'll be seen as Toman's
enemy from then on!
(soft suspenseful music)
(handlebar clanks)
Chifuyu.
How many times do I have to
drill it into your thick skull?
Never trust anyone you're
not sure is your friend.
(Chifuyu and Takemichi gasps)
I'm with Valhalla now.
(wind rustling)
And tomorrow we're
going to crush Toman.
(Chifuyu and Takemichi grunts)
Chifuyu?
Mind if I talk to
him alone for a sec?
Huh?
(soft wind rustling)
There's nothing I have
to talk to you about.
Look, I have no idea
what you're doing all this for.
And to be honest,
I really don't even much care.
But please try to survive
the battle tomorrow!
Huh?
Don't die!
Please don't die!
(soft piano music)
For Mikey's sake!
'Cause it'll break him!
(soft piano music continues)
Mikey's my enemy.
And tomorrow I'll kill him.
You go and tell him I said so.
(footsteps thudding)
(soft piano music continues)
[Mikey] I see.
As kids we played,
right on this same jungle gym,
Baji and me.
We fought a lot too back then,
but we always made
up right away.
I guess we're fighting
for real, this time.
I'm sorry that I failed.
I tried.
It wasn't your fault.
If he won't back down it's done.
Baji's a traitor to Toman.
And tomorrow, we fight.
(Takemichi gulps)
All of Toman is
ready to throw down.
(Takemichi gulps)
So I've made up my mind.
(soft instrumental music)
Mikey doesn't have
a choice anymore!
As the commander of Toman,
he has to fight Baji!
(soft wind rustling)
(crew members murmuring)
[Crew Member] Yeah,
you know whatever.
[Crew Member] Lets get this
over with sooner or later.
[Crew Member] When
you think it is?
[Crew Member] I don't
know, you telling me.
[Crew Member] Yeah, I guess.
[Crew Member] Come on already!
[Crew Member] It's
really important.
(crew members murmuring)
(soft wind rustling)
(footsteps thudding)
All of you!
We'll now call this
meeting to order!
To prepare for tomorrow's fight!
Thank you all for
coming here tonight!
(crew members grunts)
As you know,
tomorrow we clash with Valhalla.
We have nothing to gain.
They're the ones bringing
this fight to us.
And now,
Baji has joined with our enemy.
We show no mercy to traitors!
That's how Toman handles things!
(Chifuyu sighs) Hoped he
might change his mind.
So much for that.
(suspenseful instrumental music)
But now, I'm gonna get childish.
Huh?
(crew members muttering)
Fact is,
I can't fight against Baji.
-Whaaa?
-Huh?
(crew members muttering)
(Takashi chuckles)
(Mikey shuffling)
That's honestly where
I stand on this!
What I need is for you to help!
Tomorrow, we are going
to crush Valhalla
and bring Baji back to Toman!
That's how this
battle's gonna go down!
(crew members cheering)
Mikey!
Wow!
Toman!
Damn!
Just how I hoped
it would happen!
Sorry, Kenny.
Does this make me a
failure, as a commander?
You know that's not what
all that cheering means.
(Mikey chuckles)
[Crew Members] Toman!
Toman!
(crowd chattering)
(train chuffing)
Hey.
Who are all these people?
They're here to see it go down.
Toman versus Valhalla.
The winner of today's fight
will be one step closer
to running all of Tokyo.
So all the delinquent
bosses around Tokyo
are gonna be watching
this closely.
Yeah. There are a lot of
scary-looking guys here.
Those two over
there for instance.
Hmm?
Those are the Haitani Brothers.
A charismatic pair from Roppongi
who can gather over a hundred
guys with a single call.
A hundred?
And take a look at the fat
dude over there up on the car?
Hmm?
That's Leanman and he runs Ueno.
Word is he's strong as a beast.
(Hansen laughs)
Looks like it's party time!
Time to find out Toman
and Valhalla ain't shit.
[Crew Members] Welcome, sir!
(footstep thudding)
(soft suspenseful music)
Alright you shits.
I'm the one who's gonna be
overseeing today's fight.
The name's Hansen.
And I'm from Ikebukuro
Criminal Black Members.
He's a boss from the '88 group.
He's overseeing this fight.
Overseeing?
He's basically like a referee.
Hansen, the Haitani Brothers,
and Leanman are all
gonna keep cool,
and watch today.
Usually they're lunatics
who are always butting
heads with Toman.
(Takemichi grunts)
Are they seriously
just gonna stay quiet?
Well that's enough chit-chat!
Let's bring out today's stars!
All right.
On this side.
(gate opening)
(air swooshing)
(upbeat rock music)
Tokyo Manji Gang!
(gate opening)
(flag swooshing)
(CT chuckles)
And Valhalla!
(upbeat rock music continues)
It's time to go Takemichi.
(Takemichi grunts)
(footsteps thudding)
(Takemichi gulps)
Mikey!
It's really him.
The Invincible Mikey!
(crowd chattering)
(Leanman chomping)
(Leanman slurping)
(crowd chattering)
Hey, Hansen.
I'm glad it's you
overseeing this fight today.
Thank you for that.
(Hansen laughs)
If this fight sucks I'm
takin' you both down pal.
One man from each gang!
Step forward!
(upbeat rock music)
You can have a five-on-five
with your five best guys.
Or go for an all-out
brawl with everyone.
How do you guys wanna roll?
Valhalla brought this
whole thing to us.
So you guys can
decide that Kazutora.
[Kazutora] Huh?
We only have one
condition for this fight.
Keisuke Baji's return.
Hm?
If Toman wins this battle,
we'll be taking Baji back.
That's a fact.
Ha! Baji came over to us
of his own free will.
There's nothing
to return, Draken.
We'll be taking
Baji back with us.
That's all I'm gonna say.
Then bring it on you jackass!
(knuckles cracking)
Hey, punk. Are you gonna
fight here or you gon-
(face punching)
(stomach punching)
(Hansen groaning)
(Chifuyu and Takemichi gasping)
(ear rings clanks)
Come on.
Get real.
Overseeing the fight?
Conditions?
You guys come here to
play house or some shit?
(air swooshing)
We came here to beat
the shit outta you,
and leave you all dead!
Wanna get shit started, Mikey?
(wind swooshing)
Let's get them!
Toman!
(crew members charging)
(crews fighting)
(closing theme music)